hello my dear today i will
cook almonds with vegetables
for cooking this dish I
I use the pollock fillet if I have sex
kilograms and vegetables eggplant
if for 350 grams 2 medium tomatoes
total weight somewhere around 250 grams decent
sized onions and some soy
sauce 30 40 grams if it is not possible
pickle lemon juice
first I am for the boiled Clement and for
This I and he will cut here such pretty
large pieces
that is . I cut into three parts
honestly i dont like cooking
I like the item more
carcasses or spreading well, what is there
act up
you will not take advantage of what is if strength and
You can cut it into 4 parts
healthy owl I pour soy sauce and
adding a little special seasoning
for fish
seasoning it contains
petal tarragon mustard coriander
sweet hot pepper so you can
add and individually and seasonings
pollock fish with so completely not
pronounced taste so about trying
give and
at least some very neatly all
Stir up I 'll leave myself to pickle
while i'm doing vegetables help i grind
I cleaned the eggplants I clean it too
as a dish quite tender and tough for him
skin need not need and now I'm all
I cut tomatoes into slices
saw to the commissioner to of course such
semiring here since they first
cut in half lengthwise and now such
pretty straw well here we are
have finished
preheated pan
fry like onions for a minute when
he became slightly transparent
add eggplant loves fat and
started frying soaks it kill but i don't
hurry around add take your time and
you because then they give you a little
back like fried vegetables i add
tomatoes same time I still kid
I mix everything up
and now I close the vegetables with the lid and
leave them on the far burner on
little fire let them stew there
15 minutes I will go sometimes stirring
and most at this time I'll take care of the pollock
fry pollack will mock turn on the gas
also heat up the vegetable oil you
not using quite a lot again
good and comfortable mind call the thief
warm up with a silicone brush
frying pan before frying fish otherwise
then it will be very difficult for her
roll over roll each
a piece of flour I think mentality
steam locomotive fry over medium heat with
open lid tightly stacked
to avoid juice I need
just fry the pieces until done
I will encircle them for now
turned up also fried another side
do not forget about vegetables here news about
ok but not stew
can i want to turn off fried
put the pieces on a plate
now before frying the next one
party
remove all residue to the pan
and wipe it with a paper towel not
need to leave already overcooked
add some fresh butter and
wait for it to warm up
then fry in the same way
the second batch when such a batch
put on a steak carefully put it on
pan
previously fried fish and now add
wings stewed vegetables
do it neatly evenly
distribute vegetables
audit and now at the very minimum fire
with the lid closed, stew the fish with
vegetables for 10 minutes
I am our pollock savoshchenko ready can
turn off and gas thank you for being with
I watched the video if you liked
video recipe subscribe to the channel before
new meetings
a couple.